Well then
Yes Yes Aliens and ufos have been found in Mexico
Yes you this Well that famous story of you is but a little around here
It is a red circle place names because you can introduce this Mexican baby
Guddo that has been discovered in Akanbarou
Of course it is made by humans because it is a dog
Do you think that this is a dinosaur, whatever you think
That's right Dinosaur
So there is no reason why I have seen dinosaurs
It seems that the bridge has been destroyed 65 million years ago when human beings were born
So it is basically impossible for humans to look at dinosaurs and make their shapes.
Many dinosaur dogs
Nana
As one of the so-called parts in that
Whether known that Tteyuu this tool with the dinosaurs of this Atanbara is that dating
I'm doing something in a few ways, but I'm already saying it's hot
Yeah it is
2 chat that there is no while care about 4500 years roughly from now the place was a method
And I say come from is about large-generation 7 million yen of me another human history
Within that, civilization has already started
Recently dinosaurs become this or is this soft body system that's either lived up to the march'm not a House of Councilors Ne'
There are some of them already gone, but there are
Exhibition doing full terms What is this kind of wind in the management of Campi that like a few more year is out
And being
Yes
So this is pretty much like that, but if you've actually seen it or you don't
That imagination is abundant
As long as a guy like Tsuburaya- Pro is making it, I can not make such a thing.
It's there, but tries to cut off that easily whether or not the real thing it is this in the sense that so
Yes I This'm also still of scientists opinion say not close to the real thing in Doya
Of course not an ordinary person 普通 It is quite difficult to make only this one, so get on
Something new this time
It is this kind of wind Without this Yes and mixed in this dinosaur tool
What do you think
ufo there is a sauce 5 u 4
Oh dear
I'd are if I do not know what that imitates what the pike be considered a jerk Ni to see in the
So you can see that this is also ufo if you really see it, but it is dome-shaped
Year version Gataiu how'm disk there is a dome
I like this such a variety this disk
Yeah but there they Though I do not know what was used in any application
It is very close like this to see the shape
If you look at it now, I can not see it as an ashtray
there ashtray of ufo type
People who are next to the next to the next world how of those days slipped Ettoko is what this
Also it looks as wearing basically the here in what countries Fuppoi from this Well modeling
The
Also symbolically he's a little
Well the fact that because the universal human Tom countenance is different
It is considering one set
Well disc type ufo
I made a sad face
It this is I'm a determined by the sacrifice business name Speaking of strange clay figures Yes
It is a much set in this is possibly that
It may not have been seen that person 4500 years ago
Well that's right
actually
It's a story, so I'm smiling laugh Opper 2
that
I'll go ahead for a moment, but in this way humans and that
This is the reason why dinosaurs are
Whether the mother has seemed at any good of different but it is not it it is if you look at dinosaur Akanbaru
I say Happla tone came out that little place but I'm away in the direction of Pell
After all this is out
this
It's about the same age, isn't it?
What are you doing it is this number do not know a little that of Koch of the person you'd challenges measurement
The
Ah
With respect to the Ica Stones that just came out together have been quite detailed analysis in its modern
It is already understood that it is not made
I see in but I was out the story of how that that Cabrera Ston I okay with it net now
I like it great with a brush or
From what age
I got a photo
I'm eating a human head like this , but on the contrary, because I'm a dinosaur head
I'm sorry
I later
This this I kinda scapegoat in various types but I know I dinosaurs a little this
I arranged from the dinosaur picture book , but this is that
That according to the legal academic classification
Is it Tyrannosaurus or Triceratops?
Hey Since this is is so little fate that I say platypus reason
Intractable disease service
Well since the close supply-demand animation, but that was
It is a little small animal legs, but the bottom is
But so it is taking Gozaru One stearyl
In I'd seen and you'll look mirror everyone in comparison with this is I left this is you have all
you know
In Cabrera Stone
It's amazing .
It seems that I imagined that it was a recovery , so it's too much done to imagine this
From
As Mikami said
I wonder if it is a mitan
So not I had eaten the hunting dinosaurs actually together with the green beans like this ahead
It is not to say selfish
When I come to see this, I'm wondering if I come back to the people after the fact when I come back first
Say
Oh Well Well it all Sanmaa It is such a story
That opus Juie place
I guess that is to say Junior No. 2 early in the wave of Mr. Gyoki's shop
It 's right that I was in charge of this nervous area
of
I asked if this was a bit more interesting as it came in and it was a bit more interesting
Though
Hey this doll
Well this is kinda
With aliens
here are wildebeest
It's a little dim burner like no other
I think that there is very orbiting I also this is
Yes
Even if you look at it after the Dubbo, it will not start to begin fighting with the aliens
Then 2 industries please
No, I'm or sold in sideburns I'm like really I really rash last
Yeah this
Well Well now Well what made imitations Te for souvenirs or current
I will continue